add values to charter (#119)
cncf/cnf-wg: charter.md

- To identify cloud native best practices for CNFs running on Kubernetes which CNF Developers and operators alike may adopt
- To determine which practices will allow networking applications to most effectively utilize Kubernetes capabilities and services

## Values

> The CNF WG is driven by high technical standards, and these must be maintained. It is also important to take into account that multiple humans are participating in the project, and we must ensure that we all treat each other well. In this respect, we will honor the following values:
> * Technical excellence
> * Innovation and creativity
> * Fairness and equality
> * Diversity
> * Inclusiveness
> * Openness
> * Adherence to the [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CNF WG is driven by high technical standards, and these must be maintained. It is also important to take into account that multiple humans are participating in the project, and we must ensure that we all treat each other well. In this respect, we will honor the following values:

* Technical excellence over duct tape
Networking technologies power the underlying fabrics of our lives, including life critical applications, some of which runs on decades old technology. The work we produce could be affecting lives decades from now. Our technical quality should match these outcomes.

* Inclusive is better than exclusive
Broadly successful and useful technologies require different perspectives and skill sets, which can only be heard in a welcoming and respectful environment. Community membership is a privilege, not a right. Community members earn leadership through effort, scope, quality, quantity, and duration of contributions.

* Evolution is better than stagnation
The CNG WG is not meant to be a set in time standard. The best practices should continually evolve with state of the art in the Kubernetes and cloud native ecosystems. Community leaders also have a duty to find, sponsor, and promote new community members. Leaders should expect to step aside. Community members should expect to step up.

* Adherence to the [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md)
```

Reviewer 2: Technical excellence
Evolution, innovation, and creativity
Openness and inclusiveness
Adherence to the CNCF Code of Conduct

If diversity is included in inclusiveness then let's add it to that paragraph. Otherwise it should have its own bullet point.

Reviewer: @taylor please add something to the "* Inclusive is better than exclusive" section if you feel something is missing

Reviewer 3: I think inclusive/exclusive says that you're judged on output and not collaboration and actually undermines its headline (see also: RMS). Can we say that you are judged on both output and also on engaging others within the community?

Reviewer 2: @iawells I'm not clear on what you are saying.  

To be clear on my views on output, behaviour, inclusive vs diversity:
- Great output does not compensate for toxic behaviour --> I prefer not having a "toxic genius"
- Inclusive and diverse are not the same. diversity is a goal and brings results usually mentioned for inclusiveness are actually about diversity.

Reviewer 3: "Inclusive is better than exclusive
[...]
Community membership is a privilege, not a right. Community members earn leadership through effort, scope, quality, quantity, and duration of contributions"

I intended to refer to it as being in the "inclusive/exclusive" section when I mentioned that; not that it was the only criterion for inclusiveness.  I could have used my words...

That is the point that I was saying looked output and not collab-focussed (and perhaps because I read 'contribution' as 'commit', when that may not have been your intention).

I read this as: we strive to value people for what they produce (and, with collab included, how they encourage others - in summary, the good that they do); and because we appreciate the need for a wide assortment of views we will uphold standards that lead to a welcoming environment.

Reviewer 4: maybe add to the end of the inclusive section, ... of contributions "to the technology and community"? This sort of touches on the point that it's not just about uncovering the best practices, but fostering that which makes opensource such a powerhouse, to begin with.

Reviewer: I didn't intend it to be all about technical contributions to the detriment of everything else. I've added @jeffsaelens 's suggestion about tech + community. If anyone else has a better way to word it, I would be happy to add it.

Reviewer: Any more comments? @lixuna would you add this suggestion?

Reviewer 2: Technical high-standards is from Vitess values https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/master/GUIDING_PRINCIPLES.md#values

Reviewer 2: @xmulligan can we drop the technical excellence item and just keep the original vitess starter text?

> * Technical excellence over duct tape
> Networking technologies power the underlying fabrics of our lives, including life critical applications, some of which runs on decades old technology. The work we produce could be affecting lives decades from now. Our technical quality should match these outcomes.

We will move towards better as communicated in the "commit early and improve later"

Reviewer 2: These changes have been moved to the new PR https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/134

Reviewer 2: These changes are now in a new PR https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/134

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contribution over criticism
The community thrives on contribution. A PR or suggestion for a change will move the community forward faster. Healthy disagreements are important for technical excellence, but should be accompanied with a way to move forward.
```

Reviewer 3: Alliteration over ... ? :)

I think this works (the first point loosely covers 'commit first, fix later' as well)

Reviewer 2: @iawells I agree with the commit first, fix later... or commit often and expect failure... 

I'm trying to think of something other than criticism though.  Tests are criticism which are evaluating and judging which is part of the definition of criticism. That is a contribution.

@xmulligan I agree with providing a way to move forward when possible. In the case of tests it may be that a fault can be detected but communicating a correct way forward may be difficult or faulty (lack of context, many paths, etc).

I think what you are suggestion is something like "Solutions over complaints".  I'll reiterate a criticism very well can be a contribution.

@iawells,The commit early and often can be its own value. I'm 👍 on it.

Reviewer 3: Aphorisms would include 'don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good' - meaning: if you think something is good but could be better, then accept the good and then make it better afterward.

Reviewer 2: I'm hearing echos of "worse is better".  Are we headed to the New Jersey style vs MIT/Standford style debate --> Worse is Better vs the Right Thing? :)

Reviewer 2: @iawells i think a value that communicates early contributions over perfection would be good.  Up for writing that?

Reviewer 4: Maybe instead just go with something like "Continuous Feedback and/or Iteration"? If you want to get rid of criticism then maybe rephrase the heading so that it promotes the idea that this will be a series of endless contributions that slowly build to something better.

Reviewer 4: "rather than what works best for one vendor" I don't think we should single out vendors. OpenSource devs want to see their creations rise to the top. Providers want things their way and bigger ones are fans of pushing their agendas on smaller ones. 

I know I am often guilty of picking on vendors trying to sell their solutions through opensource infiltration, but I'm also aware of the warts my side has as welkl.

Reviewer: I would be happy to change the first title from "contribution over criticism" to "Commit first, fix later" and adding "We will accept good contributions and continue to make them better later"

for the second, what about changing it from "vendor" to "group"?

Reviewer 2: @xmulligan 
+1 on commit first, fix later type wording.  Maybe something like "Commit early, improve later?" vs fix?

+1 for group replacing vendor

Reviewer 3: If it helps, one phrase that I heard years ago is 'the egoless programmer' - the one that wants to do the right thing more than their own thing.  I wonder if we could use something like that over the whole vendor phrasing - just a thought in case it turns out to be a more useful tack.

Reviewer: I've updated both using the suggestions above. @lixuna would you be willing to commit this to your PR?

Reviewer 2: It seems the alliteration version is based on what K8s uses https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/values.md

Reviewer 2: These changes are moved to the new PR https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/134

Reviewer 2: These changes are now in the new PR https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/pull/134
